Azure sentinel update (#14506)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureSentinel/ReleaseNotes/1_1_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Azure Sentinel
- Updated **MicrosoftApiModule** to not override the ***_ok_codes*** filed by default.
- Added new commands:
    - **azure-sentinel-list-incident-entities**
    - **azure-sentinel-list-incident-alerts**
    - **azure-sentinel-list-watchlists**
    - **azure-sentinel-delete-watchlist**
    - **azure-sentinel-watchlist-create-update**
    - **azure-sentinel-list-watchlist-itemss**
    - **azure-sentinel-delete-watchlist-item**
    - **azure-sentinel-create-update-watchlist-item**
- Added instance parameter **server_url** to allow using customized server url. 
- Added argument **azure-sentinel-update-incident** to the **azure-sentinel-update-incident**.
- Add User-Agent header to all requests.
- Change the API Version to be 2021-04-01.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/crypto:1.0.0.24037*.
- **Breaking changes**: Change the authentication to be based on client credentials instead of user impersonation
- Make the pack GA from beta.

#### Playbooks
##### TestAzureSentinelUpdatedPlaybook

> - Playbook that test the Azure Sentinel commands. 

Author: manually...

#### Integrations
##### Azure Sentinel

> - Updated **MicrosoftApiModule** to not override the ***_ok_codes*** filed by default.

Reviewer: This is not a change in the integration

#### Integrations
##### Azure Sentinel
- **Breaking changes**: Changed the authentication to be based on client credentials instead of user impersonation.

> - **Breaking changes**: Remove the commands **azure-sentinel-list-incident-entities** and **azure-sentinel-list-incident-entities** as they not supported by the updated API version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Breaking changes**: Removed the ***azure-sentinel-list-incident-entities*** and ***azure-sentinel-list-incident-entities*** commands as they are not supported by the updated API version.
```
